So it's been a year since ICIC Labard Elevate.
We made a full video of this a year ago.  I had
shared all the details with you
that there is a different plan.  It is an infinite type of
plan.  It is a magical plan.  It has been
made even more magical.  By adding some more features
which we will talk about.  Some new riders have been
introduced.  We will talk about that.
Four new riders have just been introduced.
One is world wide cover.  The second is the
Chronic Disease Management Program.  Third
is NRI advantage and two hours
hospitalization.  Earlier you had 21 add ons
which you can see on the list.  Infinite
Care Inflation Protector, Power Booster,
Domestic Air Ambulance Cover, Jump Start,
Dependent Accommodation Benefit, Claim
Protector, Room Modifier, Compassionate
Visits, Nursing at Home and many more.
And now four more have been added to those 21.
And this has become 25.  The first is
World Wide Cover in which
you can get treatment outside India also.  This is a newly
introduced rider that you
can add to your policy if you
find it beneficial.
You can get treatment outside India for any major illness.
Be it a plan or
emergency treatment.  So cashless coverage
is currently available up to Rs 3 crore.
You
can also reduce the waiting period of two years.  You can get it for one year
by paying additional premium.  So
you can also opt for worldwide cover.
Adding this rider will increase your premium.  There are
some conditions for using this worldwide cover.  The
first one is the World Wide Cover
which is over and above the Annual Sum Assured.
So you can avail this cover only
till the age of 65 years and you
should be a resident of India only then this cover
is applicable.  Meaning,
you should be living within the geographical boundaries of India only then you
can take this cover, World Wide Cover.
You will have to take the third treatment within the Impan network.  This
means that the hospital or the
doctor you are going to should be empanelled.
Must be registered.
You can check that network
from the website of ICICI or LMB or you can contact on the contact number given there.
It is available only on cashless basis.
You can take the claim only within the network and it is on
cashless basis. Reimbursement is not open at present. There will be a
waiting period of 2
years, which means to use this rider,
you will have to wait for 2 years to take any claim
worldwide. If
you want to reduce these 2 years to one year, then
you can reduce it by paying additional premium
and if there is an accidental emergency, then the
waiting period of 2 years will not apply.
Next is if you are
going for any hospitalization plan then
you will have to intimate the insurance company a minimum of 10 days in advance.
Next, in this
you will be covered only for inpatient hospitalization or
AYUSH hospitalization or day care procedures.
You cannot claim pre and post hospitalization expenses
or any OPD expenses
under this benefit.
Next, this coverage will be applicable
for 45 executive days or a maximum of 90 days
in a policy year.  You cannot lift this cover above that.
So some riders like
Maternity Cover, Infinite Care, Power
Booster, Claim Protector these riders will
not be applicable.  World wide coverage.
Whatever additional sum assured you have under
loyalty bonus, power booster etc., you
cannot claim all these.
You can avail this cover only on annual sum assured up
to Rs 3 crore.  You cannot claim on negatively listed countries.
Next is
NRI Advantage.  So if you are an NRI then
you get 25% discount on Straight Away Elevate policy.
You have to provide some documents so that you
can avail this discount.
What goes into the documentation?  First you must have your overseas
address proof.  You
must have an Indian bank account for claims.  And
you should have all the documents.
As if the visa was done.  If you
are an OCI then you have an OCI card, PIO
card, your passport, all these
documents are mandatory.  And
you will also have to provide income proof along with it.  To all 25%
discount under AML guidelines.  So this
25% discount is on the base
premium.  Suppose you have opted for some riders.
So riders, you mean there
is no discount on riders.
You will be given 25% discount only on the base premium.
You can avail this discount from the insurance company on end age for a maximum period of five years.
Every year you may have to
submit NRI documents to prove that you
are still an NRI.
You will have to provide this documentary proof.  And
you cannot take World Wide Rider as an NRI.  This
is a restriction.  You can't take this.
Next is the next rider is senior care
value added services.  This is only on a cashless
basis and is for seniors.  Meaning,
those whose age is above 55 can take this add-on.
Here additional benefits are
given to them.  There are Plan A
to Plan D for their care which you can see on the screen.  The
premium will be charged according to the plan you choose.  Basically,
elder care, physiotherapy sessions,
geriatric sessions, consultation with the doctor,
all these are included in it.  If you are in this age
group then you can see plans A to D
and choose the plan according to what is useful for you.
So
as you can see, the features available in Plan A are
access to mobile
app, access to elderly health camps,
personalized specialized geriatric
telephonic assistance.  For clinical and
non-clinical medical needs, there is concierge service.
Your Concern service has been given to you
specific for your age category. If you have
taken this rider, then discounts are given on
some special services. Similarly, there are some extra
things in Plan B, Plan C and Plan D.
If you see in the seven points where there are other services, there is
doctor visit at home,
psychological counselling, facilitation of
lifestyle management via diet and exercise,
all these things are also covered and there are some additional
features in Plan C and Plan D. If you feel that Plan C and Plan D are
useful for you, then
you can choose this rider.  Next is the
Chronic Disease Management Program.  This
program is for those who have
any pre-existing condition
like asthma, BP, cholesterol,
diabetes and one of the listed conditions is
obesity.  If this is a pre-existing condition, you can
take a chronic disease management program.
And this is on cashless basis
only.  So, here is help.
Meaning, you are helped in managing your disease.
First, you will have access to health service
providers.  You
can consult them and manage your disease in a
better way.  Secondly,
you will also be given some diagnostic tests
which you can avail to maintain
your health.  Third, you will be given counselling at the
dietician and nutritional level
where you can maintain your diet well.
So that you can manage your disease well.
Fourth, they
also help in lifestyle modification.
Suppose someone is already a chain smoker
or wants to quit alcohol, then
you will also be
given assistance and counselling in lifestyle modification.  So this is on a
cashless basis.  So for this you
need to download IL Take Care App.
You can avail all these benefits from the IL Tech Care app.
You will download the ICICI LBAT app
and can avail all the benefits from there
if you have chosen these riders.
Next is two hours
hospitalization.  So this is an inbuilt rider.
This means it gets included in your policies by default.
When you calculate your premium, you will
see that it is
automatically ticked.  There is no option to remove it either.
So, two-hour
hospitalization means that there are some
procedures which do
not require 24-hour hospitalization.
So that is also covered in your policy.  At least
if you are hospitalized for two hours, it
is covered.  The treatment provided is
medically necessary.  There is a line of treatment.
Only investigation evaluation is not
covered.  And here all your expenses, whatever
your normal hospitalization expenses are, are
covered in your two-hour hospitalization.
So
what is the difference between two-hour hospitalization and day care procedures
?  Day care procedures were already
covered in your policy.  So
what is the actual difference between the two?  Some
things that are not covered in day care will be
covered in two-hour hospitalization.  As
you can see on the screen, Blood
Disorders and Hematology Treatments,
Gastrointestinal and Liver Treatment.  These
treatments are covered for you.  If we
want to see the difference between day care and two
hours hospitalization?  This means that there are
some treatments which are not covered under day care
and will be covered under two-hour hospitalization.
Like your catter
surgery will be covered in day care.  That does
not happen in two-hour hospitalization.
Similarly, iron infusion is to be done.  Day care is
not covered.  That will be
covered under two hours hospitalization.
Procedures that are less complex will be
covered under two-hour hospitalization, which is already covered
under your policy.
So these are the four new riders that have been
introduced.  I
would like to give one more information about ICC LBA Deliveries.
Earlier, their unlimited reset
benefit was Unlimited Reset. You understand
that if your base sum assured gets exhausted, then
another sum assured is added
equal to the base sum assured.  There was a
gap of 45 days between the two.  Meaning there should be a gap of 45 days between the second
hospitalization and the first hospitalization.
But that 45-day gap has been removed.
And now there is no such gap.  If you
are discharged today and need hospitalization again even after two days, the
Unlimited Reset Benefit will work.
One more update is there.  Earlier, your
policy tenure was one year, two year,
three year policies were available.  Now policies of one
year, two year, three year, four year and five year
are also available.  Upfront, you
can take a policy for 5 years if you want.
You get discount on
multi-tenure policies.  There is another rider which
you can opt for which is
Revolutionary Rider which is OPD Plus.
Yes ICC LBA had Bfit Rider earlier, they have come up with
another rider which is
OPD Plus which is more flexible,
more comprehensive and more
practical in usage. If you feel that the
rider is useful for you then you
can add it.  I would also like to share details about this
with you.   There
is comprehensive coverage in which general
practitioners, specialists, eye doctors,
dentists, everything will be covered in this plan.
What will be covered?  Let us
look at tele consultation which
is unlimited and cashless.
You can get tele consultation covered with general physician, specialist and Ayush doctor.  There
are minor procedures.  Plastering, dental
care such as cleaning, screening, root
canal, filling, all these will be covered for you.   If the
physiotherapy doctor has advised, then the
physiotherapy cost will also be covered.  Mental
health counselling will be done.
With qualified professionals.  Mental
health counseling is also covered.  Physical
consultations are also covered.  Covered up to sum assured
for General Practitioner, Specialist and AYUSH
which will be given as sum assured
for OPD.  There is a pharmacy.  You
can download this from the app and it
is cashless delivery.  This is also under sum assured.
So you can avail all the benefits only under the sum assured OPD.
So the sum
assured option available is
₹5,000.  You can avail all this within Rs 5000.
What is its cost?  Let's
talk about that too.  OPD Plus which
is available, its premium
is on the screen in front of you.  OPD Plus is available
in specified pin codes.  If that
is your pin code then you can take it.  You can check
whether OPD Plus rider is available on your pin code or
not.  When you punch the
policy, you will see the option there.
So this was my detail about ICICI
LBA Elevate new features, new riders which was
important to tell you.  If you
want to get ICIC LBA then you can refer
old video which is the detailed video
plus this video for new riders.  You can take this policy by
referring to these two videos and doing your due
diligence.  You can
also buy policies through us if you want to connect with our team members.  You
can connect on the
given number and email ID.  And if you have any
questions or feedback, please
share it in the comment section.  We will try to
answer your questions completely.
Quick reminder before leaving, if
you haven't subscribed to our channel yet,
do it so that you get the
right information at the right time. See you
in the next video. Till then, stay safe and take
care. Bye Bye
Om.